Oh, the white-skinned judge! How do you like it, Jew?
I see, you are the white-skinned judge.
Jew, I will do as he says.
I will pay you three times the amount.
I will forgive that Christian believer.
The money is here.
Wait! Jew is asking for a court that is just as the law says.
Wait! I will not call you in a hurry.
You should not take anything but the money.
Hey, Jew, you are the white-skinned judge.
You are the white-skinned judge.
And also, you should not shed blood when you are about to cut the meat.
And you should not cut the meat more or less than once.
If you cut the meat more or less than one pound,
and if it is just one or one piece,
and if you cut the hair on the table,
you will not be alive.
The money is here.
I will pay you five times the amount.
I see, you are the white-skinned judge.
How do you like it, Jew?
Why are you hesitating?
Take the money.
Let me go home.
He is trying to give it to you.
He said he would not take it in the court of the Lord.
He said he would not take the money as the law says.
Now he is talking like Daniel.
Hey, Jew, thank you for your good words.
So, you cannot take the money anymore.
If you want to take the money,
you should cut the meat with your life.
You are doing it on your own.
The court is over.
Wait, Jew.
There is still a court order.
According to the law of Venice,
the foreigners tried to kill the citizens of Venice.
They divided the property into two,
and the victims were taken by the public.
The public was to be buried here.
The victims were left to the court of the Lord.
No one could make a decision.
The court order is the same as the law.
The court order is to give the lives of the victims.
But the court order says,
the money cannot be taken.
Takeérique Han батật
Please tell the witness.